README.md, before:

# 🚀 Personal Developer Portfolio – SUBASH S

Welcome to my developer portfolio!

This portfolio was **fully designed and developed by me**, Subash S, to showcase my skills, projects, and technical journey as a software developer and AI enthusiast. The goal was to create a clean, responsive, and FAANG-level portfolio with smooth transitions, animations, and an exceptional user experience.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

Built using the latest technologies:

- ⚡ **Vite** – For lightning-fast builds and hot module reloading
- ⚛️ **React + TypeScript** – For scalable, maintainable UI components
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS + shadcn/ui** – For beautiful, utility-first styling
- 🧩 **Framer Motion** – For elegant animations and smooth transitions

---

## 💡 Key Features

- Responsive design that works across all devices
- Dark theme with clean layout and elegant typography
- Scroll-triggered animations and interactive UI components
- Project cards with hover effects and 3D tilt interaction
- Animated skillset section and detailed project highlights
- Smooth navigation and intuitive user experience
- Integrated contact form with validation

---

## 📁 Getting Started (Local Development)

To run this project locally:

```bash
git clone 
cd 
npm install
npm run dev

Commit message:

Update README with Harshan R portfolio details

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Personal Developer Portfolio – HARSHAN R

Welcome to my developer portfolio!

This portfolio was **fully designed and developed by me**, Harshan R, to showcase my skills, projects, and technical journey as a software developer and AI enthusiast. The goal was to create a clean, responsive, and FAANG-level portfolio with smooth transitions, animations, and an exceptional user experience.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

Built using the latest technologies:

- ⚡ **Vite** – For lightning-fast builds and hot module reloading
- ⚛️ **React + TypeScript** – For scalable, maintainable UI components
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS + shadcn/ui** – For beautiful, utility-first styling
- 🧩 **Framer Motion** – For elegant animations and smooth transitions

---

## 💡 Key Features

- Responsive design that works across all devices
- Dark theme with clean layout and elegant typography
- Scroll-triggered animations and interactive UI components
- Project cards with hover effects and 3D tilt interaction
- Animated skillset section and detailed project highlights
- Smooth navigation and intuitive user experience
- Integrated contact form with validation

---

## 📁 Getting Started (Local Development)

To run this project locally:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/R-Harshan2709/harshan-portfolio.git
cd harshan-portfolio
npm install
npm run dev
```

---

## 📬 Connect With Me

Feel free to reach out or explore more of my work!

- 🔗 **GitHub**: [R-Harshan2709](https://github.com/R-Harshan2709)

---

## 📄 License

This project is open-source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
